# Meeting 35
24th Dec 2020

# Attendees
Alessandro Mazzi    
Thy-Diep("Yip") Ta  
Kat Miroshnikova  
Sam Arn  
Michael Healy

# Discussed topics:
* How will we manage the GitHub Repo?
Full transparency from start (open to everyone) vs. Staged Approach with gradual release (Sandbox for Core Team)
Request by Kat to have a team vote
